# Ewing_Sarcoma
#Ewing sarcoma is a rare form of cancer that usually appears during adolescence. An instance of it would be a tumor developing on a femur bone when a child is 15 years old. Pain is a common symptom of Ewing sarcoma. Often, it develops in the limbs, such as the arms and legs. Besides experiencing pain and some swelling occurring at the tumor site, individuals with Ewing sarcoma do not have any other symptoms. The process of diagnosing a person with this form of sarcoma is getting an x-ray and then doing a biopsy on the site where the tumor is located to confirm the diagnosis. Patients with this form of cancer typically our treated for less than a year, around 9 to 10 months of chemotherapy, surgery, and radiation. (Texas, 2014)
This area of research is important because there is a lack of awareness regarding human scar coma. This lack of awareness stems from the fact that scratch coma is a rare disease. About 250 patients are diagnosed with this cancer each year. I watched a YouTube video from the Texas Children's Hospital explaining the disease. They stated that they see 18-20 new Ewing sarcoma patients a year on average. Since so few people are diagnosed and have to undergo treatment for this disease, there is a knowledge gap within the general public about Ewing Sarcoma, which is quite alarming considering its main symptom is pain. Someone could be living with wins car coma and not even realize they have it because all they feel in C is pain with no other symptoms. (Texas, 2014)
Since Ewing Sarcoma is a disease that typically occurs during adolescence, my hypothesis is that age affects patient survival. Therefore, my objectives for this study are to test age against survival outcomes and covariates in the study, Then interpret the results.
